{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh12240\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Harmonic Freeze/Focusers\
\

\f1\b0 1. Feedback, can this be used? Perhaps the comb filters might come into play or long form resonators\
\
2. Granulation stream, for how long does this bad boy work? Test with numerous samples.
\f0\b \
\
Concat/Percussive\
\

\f1\b0 1. Short term resonators adding some harmonic ness to the patch [x]\
2. Rhythmic mapping. Attach a faster_onset to the input and create a rhythm map that cycles groups of durations.\
3. Add trajectory to the different parts, change the balance\
4. Parameters of the Rack Patch
\f0\b \
\
Low\

\f1\b0 1. Some sort of building layer. Crackle is one idea, highly reverberated to almost be a washy percussive sound\
2. Some sort of pitched, fuzzy drone that keeps getting replayed\
\

\f0\b Looping\
\

\f1\b0 1. Activated when shred is the focus, feeds into daryl\'92s pedals allowing him to play with it.\
2. Looping different segments and assigning them a trajectory over n loops. Constant overlapping so there aren\'92t any dead spots. Starts as a small extension of the playing and ends up as a very dense texture that cuts out\
\

\f0\b Disruptor\
\

\f1\b0 1. Have daryl cut out his signal and take some line out so you are processing his signal entirely\
2. Percussive Separation - Real time isn\'92t going to be feasible so this is something that has to be considered. How do you make it interactive.\
3. cubic non linear distortion with mapping onto parameters\
4. include crackling/popping possibly borrow from the low section\
\

\f0\b State training\
\

\f1\b0 What are you going to train, in order to decide what the gmm will try to categorise for. You can train on the guitar sound or perhaps something else. Training on cycles does not work. Train on the tested output of each behaviour/game period.\
\
add a delay to the start of the play period, the other person will be notified of the state that is about to come up. Could possibly add it so it only happens after a trigger occuring in a waiting period.\
\

\f0\b Thinking about sections\
\

\f1\b0 How many?\
- Enough to guarantee that a section appears at least once. Perhaps thats the limitation of the piece.\
- x number of windows adding up to a time period randomly\
- Why does the logic for the state recognition work?\
	- In the moment section decision making. Providing ways of generating contrast or continuation
\f0\b \
\
Think about shape of a section
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\f1\b0 Additive trajectory\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\f1\b0 Move like a wave, ebb and flow\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\f1\b0 Reductive\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \
When you don\'92t know what to do\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Make the patch work such that you can do one window of analysis followed by a window of improvisation. A proof of concept\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Think about how you an incorporate other materials, mimic other spaces, and not just process the sound of daryl to make some more improvisational games\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\f0\b Strategies for control\
\

\f1\b0 - \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}